.\"/*******************************************************************************/
.\"/*                                                                             */
.\"/*  Copyright 2004-2017 Pascal Gloor                                                */
.\"/*                                                                             */
.\"/*  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");            */
.\"/*  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.           */
.\"/*  You may obtain a copy of the License at                                    */
.\"/*                                                                             */
.\"/*     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0                              */
.\"/*                                                                             */
.\"/*  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software        */
.\"/*  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,          */
.\"/*  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.   */
.\"/*  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and        */
.\"/*  limitations under the License.                                             */
.\"/*                                                                             */
.\"/*******************************************************************************/
.Dd Aug 8, 2004
.Dt PIRANHA.CONF 5
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm piranha.conf
.Xr piranha 1
.Nd configuration file
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Bl -tag -width indent
.It Ar local_as <local-as>
Local AS number (MANDATORY, no default value).
.It Ar local_port4 <local-port4>
Local port. Its not recommended to change it as some daemons do not support to specify the remote port (OPTIONAL, default 179).
.It Ar local_port6 <local-port6>
Local port. Its not recommended to change it as some daemons do not support to specify the remote port (OPTIONAL, default 179).
.It Ar local_ip4 <local-ip4>
Local IPv4 to listen to.
.It Ar local_ip6 <local-ip6>
Local IPv6 to listen to.
.It Ar export [origin|aspath|community|extcommunity]
Choose which attributes to export.
.It Ar bgp_router_id <ipv4_address>
BGP Router identifier, (MANDATORY, no default value, may NOT be 0.0.0.0).
.It Ar neighbor <(ipv4|ipv6)_address> <remote-as> [password]
Defines a BGP peer/neighbor. You may add as many as you want. The unique identifier is the ip address (OPTIONAL, no default value).
.It Ar user <username>
An unpriviledged user.
.Pp
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr piranha 1
.Xr piranhactl 1
.Xr ptoa 1
