.\"/*******************************************************************************/
.\"/*                                                                             */
.\"/*  Copyright 2004-2017 Pascal Gloor                                                */
.\"/*                                                                             */
.\"/*  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");            */
.\"/*  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.           */
.\"/*  You may obtain a copy of the License at                                    */
.\"/*                                                                             */
.\"/*     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0                              */
.\"/*                                                                             */
.\"/*  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software        */
.\"/*  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,          */
.\"/*  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.   */
.\"/*  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and        */
.\"/*  limitations under the License.                                             */
.\"/*                                                                             */
.\"/*******************************************************************************/
.Dd Aug 8, 2004
.Dt PIRANHACTL 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm piranhactl
.Xr piranha 1
.Nd process control
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Ar start stop reload restart status
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The
.Nm
script allows control of the
.Xr piranha 1
daemon.
.Pp
The following options are available:
.Bl -tag -width indent
.It Ar start
starts the daemon.
.It Ar stop
stops the daemon.
.It Ar restart
stops and starts the daemon.
.It Ar reload
reloads the daemon configuration. equivalent to
.Xr kill 1
-HUP
.It Ar status
shows neighbors status
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr piranha 1
.Xr piranhactl 1
.Xr piranha.conf 5
